Question: Why should we use functions at all?
        Answer:  Functions provide better modularity for your application and a high degree of code reusing

Question: How to define/declare a function?
        Answer: You can define functions to provide the required functionality. Here are simple rules to define a function in Python.
                    1. Function blocks begin with the keyword def followed by the function name and parentheses ( ( ) ).
                    2. Any input parameters or arguments should be placed within these parentheses. You can also define parameters inside these parentheses.
                    3. The first statement of a function can be an optional statement - the documentation string of the function or docstring.
                    4. The code block within every function starts with a colon (:) and is indented.
                    5. The statement return [expression] exits a function, optionally passing back an expression to the caller. A return statement with no arguments is the same as return None.

Question: How to call/use a function?
        Answer: first, you have to define a function, for example
                def func1():
                    print('Hello World')
                then, to call a function, you have to using this command:
                    print(func1())
                The function print(func1()) calls our def func1(): and print the command 'Hello World'

Question: What is return, why and how do we use it?
        Answer: The return statement causes your function to exit and hand back a value to its caller.
                The point of functions in general is to take in inputs and return something. 
                The return statement is used when a function is ready to return a value to its

Question: Do we have to use return in every function?
        Answer: No, you don't have to return something for every function. It is optional and upto how you write your code logic.

Question: What are function arguments/parameters, why and how we use it?
        Answer: Arguments are the things which are given to any function or method call, 
        while the function or method code refers to the arguments by their parameter names.
        There are four types of arguments that Python can take:
            1. Default arguments:  are those that take a default value if no argument value is passed during the function call.
            You can assign this default value by with the assignment operator '='
            
            2. Required Arguments: the required arguments are those that have to be in there. 
            These arguments need to be passed during the function call and in precisely the right order

            3. Keyword Arguments: If you want to make sure that you call all the parameters in the right order, you can use the keyword arguments in your function call. 
            You use these to identify the arguments by their parameter name.

            4. Variable Number of Arguments: In cases where you don’t know the exact number of arguments that you want to pass to a function,
            you can use the following syntax with *args:

Question: How to use function from a different file other than our currently working file?
        Answer: Python allows you to put code in a .py file and import it from other scripts in the same directory. 
        You can even get more advanced and create packages which include multiple .py files and expose them in different ways.